chore(clerk-js): Improve accessibility in UserButton and OrganizationSwitcher (#1826)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/afraid-bobcats-mate.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

> Impove accessibility of UserButton and OrganizationSwitcher by using aria-\* attributes and roles like `menu` and `menuitems`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve accessibility of `<UserButton />` and `<OrganizationSwitcher />` by using `aria-*` attributes (where appropriate) and roles like `menu` and `menuitem`.
```
